So is one function will finally sing and the products total products has to be disonance products into
products.
And finally just in case you want to call and not to sing functionally wrong timing is going to be three
separate sink functions.
The object is to get the category name that.
But why we can get it from the previous to a seeings because the result is an area for example products
in an area.
So therefore we want to capture the product category name then we have to do for example
zero which is something that is not you know good to do because it is super risky because what if there
is no product under this category then products z index 0 will be no.
This will run and that equerry just define the category name.
So it is pretty easy for in here where finding a specific category find one with passing the parents
and then we just respond with adjacent objects which products category name products and pages.
Let's go and test it out.
So let's go to postman.
So was good too.
Which one is it.
This one.
So go ahead and send there we have it.
We have 10 products only category names cats to total products to and pages we have tree Awesome again
seeing waterfall is just a function that depends on the previous function.
But the funny thing is are these functions dependent on one another in the next video.
We will run another missing function that run three separate query at the same time.
I'll see you guys in the next video.